(birds cawing)
("Promises" by The Cranberries)
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ You better believe I'm coming ♪
♪ You better believe what I say ♪
♪ You better hold on to
your promises because ♪
♪ You bet you'll get what you deserve ♪
♪ She's going to leave him over ♪
♪ She's gonna take her love away ♪
♪ So much for your eternal vows ♪
♪ Well it does not matter anyway ♪
♪ Why can't you stay here a while ♪
♪ Stay here awhile ♪
♪ Stay with me ♪
♪ Oh oh oh ♪
♪ All the promises we made ♪
♪ Promises we made ♪
♪ All the meaningless and
empty words I prayed ♪
♪ Prayed prayed ♪
♪ Oh oh oh ♪
♪ All the promises we broke ♪
♪ Promises we broke ♪
♪ All the meaningless
and empty words I spoke ♪
♪ Spoke spoke ♪
♪ Do-do-do ♪
♪ What of all the things
that you've taught me ♪
♪ What of all the things that you'd say ♪
♪ What of all your prophetic preaching ♪
♪ You're just throwing it all away ♪
♪ Maybe we should burn the house down ♪
♪ Have ourselves another fight ♪
♪ Leave the cobwebs in the closet ♪
♪ 'Cause tearing them
out is just not right ♪
♪ Why can't you stay here a while ♪
♪ Stay here awhile ♪
♪ Stay with me ♪
♪ Oh oh oh ♪
♪ All the promises we made ♪
♪ Promises we made ♪
♪ All the meaningless and
empty words I prayed ♪
♪ Prayed prayed ♪
♪ Oh oh oh ♪
♪ All the promises we broke ♪
♪ Promises we broke ♪
♪ All the meaningless
and empty words I spoke ♪
♪ Spoke spoke ♪
♪ Oh oh oh ♪
♪ All the promises we made ♪
♪ Promises we made ♪
♪ All the meaningless and
empty words I prayed ♪
♪ Prayed prayed ♪
♪ Oh oh oh ♪
♪ All the promises we broke ♪
♪ Promises we broke ♪
♪ All the meaningless
and empty words I spoke ♪
♪ Spoke spoke ♪
♪ Oh eh oh eh oh eh oh eh oh eh ♪
♪ Oh eh oh eh oh eh oh oh ♪
(energy crackles)
(birds cawing)